Base: Add more manpages (v2) (#7611)
SerenityOS/serenity: Base/usr/share/man/man1/chown.md

## Name

> chown - Change file owner / group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
chown - change file owner / group
```

## Synopsis

```**sh
$ chown [user][:group] files...
```

## Description

> `chown` changes owner of specified files to `user`, and owning group to `group`. If `group` is not specified, it is leaved unchanged.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`chown` changes the owner of specified files to `user`, and owning group to `group`. If `group` is not specified, it is left unchanged.
```

> **NOTE**: The caller must be a superuser to use this command.

Reviewer: That's not necessarily true. A non-root user can use `chown` to change the group to one of their other groups.
